c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.exe.config
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.exe
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.pdb
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.exe
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.pdb
c:\users\kosta\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Memes\imgres.jpg
C:\Users\Kosta\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Memes\scum.jpg
C:\Users\Kosta\OneDrive\Documenten\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Memes\really.png
